How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    this helps me to find the bug and the difference between two files quickly
    without looking on the whole two big files, and consume my time.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    this would help if i made a sort of bug or my new version does not work
    probebly as it was expected in this case i will need the previous versions
    of my code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros
	the pros of manually choosing when to create a commit is you can make
	a commit when ever you see that is necessary instead of doing it 
	automatically because this might be too small or too big and may 
	contain unrelated changes

    cons
	this might take some time and you maybe forget to do a commit when
	it's needed

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    because Git is designed to deal with code and that involve multiple files
    in some cases when you wanna change some thing in a website page you need
    to submit changes in many files like (.html, .css, .js).

    but Google Docs it's main purpose not to deal with code but files in 
    general, and the changes in one file does not affect on the others.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I use "git log" to show the history of commits in the repository
    and "git diff" to show the difference in two commits which commands are 
    added and which are removed

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    this tool gives me complete confident to do changes, it's an amazing tool
    because i try anything and can easily return back to previous versions

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will use it to develop android and desktop apps

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commands:
	q |    exit git log!
	git log  |    List the commits and show which files have changed
	git log --stat  |    Show addition information about the commits
	git diff id1 id2  |    Compare two commits
	git clone  |    Create a local copy/clone from the repository
	git config --global color.ui auto |    get colored diff output
	git checkout | this checkout (jump onto) a specific commit 